site/src/pages/via-crucis.md, before:

---
title: "Via Crucis"
layout: layouts/page.njk
permalink: /via-crucis/
heroImage: "/assets/images/copy-of-scholarships/e30e9f_ba14183ebebb4b2190560d550e1b91fc_mv2.jpg"
description: "MASCP funds scholarships for university bound youth in Arcatao in hopes that this will give them skills to stay in their country and become future leaders."
---

## Madison Arcatao Sister City Project

## VIA CRUCIS-STATIONS OF THE CROSS AND STATIONS OF THE STRUGGLE

In Arcatao, the Via Crucis or Stations of the Cross were painted
by local artists on the interior walls of the church in the town
center. They are painted as diptychs with one side portraying the
traditional scene of Jesus's journey to the Cross and the other
side portraying the journey of the Salvadoran people during and

after the civil war.

 

Roland Torres, a Madison photographer, visited Arcatao and
photographed the 14 paintings of the Via Crucis which we have
mounted and prepared for presentation. MASCP members, both
English and Spanish speaking, are happy to set up the 14
Stations at your church to engage with congregants, answer
questions and help interpret the history presented in the Via
Crucis. The display is meditative but also teaches in the
Salvadoran &quot;popular education&quot; way about the struggle for peace and social justice in El Salvador.

​

We welcome your invitation to display the “Via Crucis”, Stations of
the Cross, at your church or organization. Anytime is fine but it is
often most meaningful to display it during Lent.

In Arcatao, the Via Crucis or Stations of the Cross were painted
by local artists on the interior walls of the church in the town
center. They are painted as diptychs with one side portraying the
traditional scene of Jesus's journey to the Cross and the other
side portraying the journey of the Salvadoran people during and

after the civil war.

Roland Torres, a Madison photographer, visited Arcatao and
photographed the 14 paintings of the Via Crucis which we have
mounted and prepared for presentation. MASCP members, both
English and Spanish speaking, are happy to set up the 14
Stations at your church to engage with congregants, answer
questions and help interpret the history presented in the Via
Crucis. The display is meditative but also teaches in the
Salvadoran &quot;popular education&quot; way about the struggle for peace and social justice in El Salvador.

We welcome your invitation to display the “Via Crucis”, Stations of
the Cross, at your church or organization. Anytime is fine but it is
often most meaningful to display it during Lent.

Commit message:

Update Via Crucis page with proper layout and images from copy-of-scholarships data

site/src/pages/via-crucis.md, after:

---
title: "Via Crucis"
layout: layouts/via-crucis.njk
permalink: /via-crucis/
heroImage: "/assets/images/copy-of-scholarships/e30e9f_c61cdaccf1b74f469cdc34fe3c6b0d67_mv2.jpg"
description: "Via Crucis - Stations of the Cross and Stations of the Struggle in Arcatao."
---

## Madison Arcatao Sister City Project

## VIA CRUCIS-STATIONS OF THE CROSS AND STATIONS OF THE STRUGGLE

In Arcatao, the Via Crucis or Stations of the Cross were painted
by local artists on the interior walls of the church in the town
center. They are painted as diptychs with one side portraying the
traditional scene of Jesus's journey to the Cross and the other
side portraying the journey of the Salvadoran people during and

after the civil war.

 

Roland Torres, a Madison photographer, visited Arcatao and
photographed the 14 paintings of the Via Crucis which we have
mounted and prepared for presentation. MASCP members, both
English and Spanish speaking, are happy to set up the 14
Stations at your church to engage with congregants, answer
questions and help interpret the history presented in the Via
Crucis. The display is meditative but also teaches in the
Salvadoran &quot;popular education&quot; way about the struggle for peace and social justice in El Salvador.

​

We welcome your invitation to display the “Via Crucis”, Stations of
the Cross, at your church or organization. Anytime is fine but it is
often most meaningful to display it during Lent.

In Arcatao, the Via Crucis or Stations of the Cross were painted
by local artists on the interior walls of the church in the town
center. They are painted as diptychs with one side portraying the
traditional scene of Jesus's journey to the Cross and the other
side portraying the journey of the Salvadoran people during and

after the civil war.

Roland Torres, a Madison photographer, visited Arcatao and
photographed the 14 paintings of the Via Crucis which we have
mounted and prepared for presentation. MASCP members, both
English and Spanish speaking, are happy to set up the 14
Stations at your church to engage with congregants, answer
questions and help interpret the history presented in the Via
Crucis. The display is meditative but also teaches in the
Salvadoran &quot;popular education&quot; way about the struggle for peace and social justice in El Salvador.

We welcome your invitation to display the “Via Crucis”, Stations of
the Cross, at your church or organization. Anytime is fine but it is
often most meaningful to display it during Lent.
